Victor Aaron.txt
Victor Aaron Ramirez was a Native American actor of the Yaqui tribe . Victor Aaron Ramirez was the original voice of John Redcorn on King of the Hill which was taken over by Jonathan Joss in the show s second season following Aaron s death .
Jensen Ackles.txt
Jensen Ross Ackles is an American actor and director . Jensen Ross Ackles has appeared on television as Dean Winchester in The CW horror fantasy series Supernatural Eric Brady in Days of Our Lives which earned Jensen Ross Ackles several Daytime Emmy Award nominations AlecX5494 in Dark Angel and Jason Teague in Smallville .
Jake Abel.txt
Jacob Allen Abel is an American actor and singer who is known for playing Adam Milligan in the CW series Supernatural Luke Castellan in the film adaptation of Percy Jackson the Olympians The Lightning Thief and the film adaptation of Percy Jackson sequel Percy Jackson Sea of Monsters Mark James in the film adaptation of I Am Number Four Ian OShea in The Host and Mike Love in Love Mercy . Abel was born in Canton Ohio the son of Kim and Mike Abel .
Bud Abbott.txt
William Alexander Bud Abbott was an American actor best known for William Alexander Bud Abbott film comedy double act as straight man to Lou Costello . Born into a show business family Abbott worked in the box office of several theatres before becoming a comedianproducer of burlesque shows on Broadway where a comedianproducer of burlesque shows allowed Costello to appear with Lou Costello when Lou Costello own partner was off ill .
Willie Aames.txt
Willie Aames is an American actor film and television director television producer and screenwriter . Willie Aames is best known for playing Tommy Bradford one of the children of Tom Bradford on the 1970s television series Eight Is Enough Buddy Lembeck on the 1980s sitcom Charles in Charge and the title character in the directtovideo series Bibleman .
Ad-Rock.txt
Adam Keefe Horovitz better known as AdRock or King AdRock is an American rapper guitarist and actor . Adam Keefe Horovitz better known as AdRock or King AdRock is best known as a member of the hip hop group the Beastie Boys .
Lee Aaker.txt
Lee William Aaker is an American former child actor known for Lee William Aaker appearance as Rusty BCompany in the television program The Adventures of Rin Tin Tin . Aaker s mother Mrs .
Kirk Acevedo.txt
Kirk M. Acevedo is an American actor .
Christopher Abbott.txt
Christopher Jacob Abbott is an American actor . Abbott made Christopher Jacob Abbott feature film debut in Martha Marcy May Marlene .
Zachary Abel.txt
Zachary Burr Abel is an American actor who is perhaps best known for portraying Carter Anderson in the ABC Family series Make It or Break It . For an American actor who is perhaps best known for portraying Carter Anderson in the ABC Family series Make It or Break It role of Carter Anderson an American actor who is perhaps best known for portraying Carter Anderson in the ABC Family series Make It or Break It has been nominated for 2010 Teen Choice Awards in the category of Choice Summer TV Star Male but lost to Ian Harding of Pretty Little Liars .
Rodolfo Acosta.txt
Rodolfo Perez Acosta was a MexicanAmerican character actor who became known for Rodolfo Perez Acosta roles as Mexican outlaws or Native Americans in Hollywood western films . Rodolfo Perez Acosta was sometimes credited as Rudolph Acosta .
Jason Acuna.txt
Jason Shannon Acuna better known by his stage name Wee Man is an American actor stunt performer professional skateboarder and television personality . Jason Shannon Acuna better known by his stage name Wee Man is one of the stars of Jackass on MTV and the host of Fox Sports Net s skateboarding show 54321 .
F. Murray Abraham.txt
F. Murray Abraham October 24 1939 is an American actor .
Philip Abbott.txt
Philip Abbott was an American character actor . Philip Abbott appeared in several films and numerous television series including a lead role as Arthur Ward in the crime series The F .
Omid Abtahi.txt
An error occurred
Richard Abbott (actor).txt
An error occurred
Abbott and Costello.txt
Abbott and Costello were an American comedy duo composed of Bud Abbott and Lou Costello whose work on radio and in film and television made Abbott and Costello the most popular comedy team of the 1940s and early 1950s . Abbott and Costello patter routine Who s on First ? is one of the bestknown comedy routines of all time in the world and set the framework for many of Abbott and Costello bestknown comedy bits .
Jon Abrahams.txt
Jon Avery Abrahams is an American film and television actor . Jon Avery Abrahams most notable roles are Bobby in Scary Movie Denny Byrnes in the Robert De NiroBen Stiller comedy Meet the Parents and Dalton Chapman in the horror movie House of Wax .
Bruce Abbott.txt
Bruce Paul Abbott is an American film stage and television actor . Originally beginning Bruce Paul Abbott career in theater Abbott later gained notoriety for Bruce Paul Abbott role as Dr .
Quinton Aaron.txt
Quinton Aaron is an American actor . Quinton Aaron made Quinton Aaron film debut in Michel Gondry s Be Kind Rewind .
50 Cent.txt
Curtis James Jackson III known professionally as 50 Cent is an American rapper singer songwriter actor television producer entrepreneur and investor . Born in the South Jamaica neighborhood of the borough of Queens Jackson began selling drugs at age twelve during the 1980s crack epidemic .
Jay Acovone.txt
Jay Acovone is an American actor . Acovone was born in New York City .
Walter Abel.txt
Walter Abel was an American film stage and radio actor . Abel was born in St .
Eddie Acuff.txt
An error occurred
Yousef Abu-Taleb.txt
Yousef AbuTaleb is an American actor and producer of Arab English and American heritage . Yousef AbuTaleb was born in Arlington and raised in Virginia before moving to Los Angeles California .